Blog post ideas:

1. 
The M night shamalan movie about the drug reaserch
As someone who works in the clinical reaserch industry I feel both attacked and entertained to be part of a classic and well executed M night shamalan horror reality twist. If only measuring drug efficacy could be accelerated and take place on a pristine island. It would be a fun departure from a more banal daily grind.

2. Movie
13th floor

The ending seemed quite optmistic with the people of tomorrow living in luxury apartments on stilts above the ocean. I like a story which shows humanity getting better and reaching some form of utopia. I'm reminded of chapter X from the book abundance by ezra klein "This book is dedicated to a simple idea: to have the future we want, we need to build and invent more of what we need. That’s it. That’s the thesis. It reads, even to us, as too simple. And yet, the story of America in the twenty-first century is the story of chosen scarcities. Recognizing that these scarcities are chosen—that we could choose otherwise—is thrilling. "

Anyway, back to the silly movie about people living in the metaverse of another metaverse . I guess their is some point to be made that you can always peel back another layer and go deeper. You never know what the next layer will look like or tell you. Is that the lesson of the 13th floor? When you think you’ve found the final layer go one deeper and then you’ll be one step closer to some truth? What is the truth, does it matter if what you’ve found is good enough?

Idk, but its fun. Not quite as fun as the Matrix but a neat foil to the shenanegans of Neo, Morpheus and crew. 


3.  deprecation of GPUS
Wed, Dec 10, 2025, 10:56 AM

GPU deprication continues to be a hot topic which fascinates me endlessly. As someone with a handful of old computers, CPUs, GPUs and other various devices in closets and storage I can't help but wonder if we could do a better job making use of these old things. A while back I was thinking about making an app for people to set up their old iphones or android devices as smart security cameras. Anyway, Michael burry has been out and about discussing his short position in various companies due to their depreciation schedules being cooked. He uses the history of gpu and server depreciation as the basis for his argument however he fails to notice the actual useful life of these servers is lengthening. 

Perf increase for a server over time
Gpu thread perf over time
CPU thread and total perf over time
Backblaze failure rates over time.

https://www.wsj.com/finance/investing/the-accounting-uproar-over-how-fast-an-ai-chip-depreciates-6f59785b?st=7e28Tj&reflink=article_copyURL_share

4. movie
Pacific Heights
March 14, 2026

Show this movie to people and they might not want to buy a house. 

5. movie
Arlington road
January 11, 2026

I didn't know you could study terrorism in school. What a redic movie. 

6. movie and collected works of phillip k dick
Screamers and self replicating robots May 24, 2025
The robots are coming. What a great collection of short stories. For that one story where the self replicating robots were launching themselves around the planet and using up all the resources. After humanity won and then they found another little "seed" factory, shooting little robot seeds around the planet. I enjoyed the give up attitude after the main charecter saw the little seed machines self reproducing. 




